=====
13:48:49
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       0/1       Running   0          25s
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       0/1       Running   0          25s
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       0/1       Running   0          25s
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          6m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          6m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          6m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          6m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          6m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          6m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          6m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          6m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          5m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          6m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          5m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          5m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          6m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          6m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2v8b7   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-2z2ps   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-g1ct3   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-h27q6   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-lhhg9   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-vjs88   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-vsxj1   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-w2rrs   0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   0/1       Running   0          24s
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1s
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          6m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          5m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          5m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          5m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          5m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          6m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          6m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          6m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          6m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          6m
=====
13:49:50
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       0/1       Running   0          55s
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          7m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          7m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          7m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          7m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          7m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          7m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          7m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          7m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          6m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          7m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          6m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          6m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          7m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          7m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      0/1       Running   0          53s
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2v8b7   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2z2ps   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-g1ct3   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-h27q6   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-lhhg9   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vjs88   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vsxj1   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-w2rrs   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          7m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          6m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          6m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          6m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          6m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          7m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          7m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          7m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          7m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          7m
=====
13:50:52
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          2m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          8m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          8m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          8m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          8m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          8m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          8m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          8m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          8m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          7m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          8m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          7m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          7m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          8m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          8m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          2m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          2m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          8m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          7m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          7m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          7m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          7m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          8m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          8m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          8m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          8m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          8m
=====
13:51:54
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          9m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          9m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          9m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          9m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          9m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          9m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          9m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          9m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          8m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          9m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          8m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          8m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          10m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          9m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          9m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          8m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          8m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          8m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          8m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          9m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          9m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          9m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          9m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          9m
=====
13:53:01
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          4m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          10m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          10m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          10m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          10m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          10m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          10m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          10m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          10m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          9m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          10m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          9m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          9m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          11m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          10m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          4m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          4m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          10m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          9m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          9m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          9m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          9m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          10m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          10m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          10m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          10m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          10m
=====
13:54:03
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          5m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          11m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          11m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          11m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          11m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          11m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          11m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          11m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          11m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          10m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          11m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          10m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          10m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          12m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          11m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          5m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          5m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          11m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          11m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          10m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          10m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          10m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          11m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          11m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          11m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          11m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          11m
=====
13:55:04
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          6m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          12m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          12m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          12m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          12m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          12m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          12m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          12m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          12m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          11m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          12m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          11m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          11m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          13m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          12m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          6m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          6m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          12m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          12m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          11m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          11m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          11m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          12m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          12m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          12m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          12m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          12m
=====
13:56:06
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          7m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          13m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          13m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          13m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          13m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          13m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          13m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          13m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          13m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          12m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          13m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          12m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          12m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          14m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          13m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          7m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          7m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          13m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          13m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          12m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          12m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          12m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          13m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          13m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          13m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          13m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          13m
=====
13:57:07
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          8m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          14m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          14m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          14m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          14m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          14m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          14m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          14m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          14m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          14m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          14m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          13m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          13m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          15m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          14m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          8m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          8m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          14m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          14m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          13m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          13m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          13m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          14m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          14m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          14m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          14m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          14m
=====
13:58:09
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          9m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          15m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          15m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          15m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          15m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          15m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          15m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          15m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          15m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          15m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          15m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          14m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          14m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          16m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          15m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          9m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          9m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          15m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          15m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          14m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          14m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          14m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          15m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          15m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          15m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          15m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          15m
=====
13:59:11
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          10m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          16m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          16m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          16m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          16m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          16m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          16m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          16m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          16m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          16m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          16m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          15m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          15m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          17m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          16m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          10m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          10m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          16m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          16m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          15m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          15m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          15m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          16m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          16m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          16m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          16m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          16m
=====
14:00:12
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          11m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          17m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          17m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          17m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          17m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          17m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          17m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          17m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          17m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          17m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          17m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          16m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          16m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          18m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          17m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          11m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          11m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          17m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          17m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          17m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          16m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          16m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          17m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          17m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          17m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          17m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          17m
=====
14:01:14
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          12m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          18m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          18m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          18m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          18m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          18m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          18m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          18m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          18m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          18m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          18m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          17m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          17m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          19m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          18m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          12m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          12m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          18m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          18m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          18m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          17m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          17m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          18m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          18m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          18m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          18m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          18m
=====
14:02:16
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          13m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          19m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          19m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          19m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          19m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          19m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          19m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          19m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          19m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          19m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          19m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          19m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          18m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          20m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          19m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          13m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          13m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          19m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          19m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          19m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          18m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          18m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          19m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          19m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          19m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          19m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          19m
=====
14:03:23
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          15m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          20m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          20m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          20m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          20m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          20m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          20m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          20m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          20m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          20m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          20m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          20m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          19m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          21m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          20m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          14m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          14m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          20m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          20m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          20m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          19m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          19m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          20m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          20m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          20m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          20m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          20m
=====
14:04:25
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          16m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          21m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          21m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          21m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          21m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          21m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          21m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          21m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          21m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          21m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          21m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          21m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          20m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          22m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          21m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          16m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          15m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          21m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          21m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          21m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          20m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          20m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          21m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          21m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          21m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          21m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          21m
=====
14:05:26
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          17m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          22m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          22m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          22m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          23m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          23m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          23m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          23m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          22m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          22m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          22m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          22m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          22m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          23m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          23m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          17m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          16m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          22m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          22m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          22m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          22m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          21m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          22m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          22m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          22m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          22m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          22m
=====
14:06:37
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          18m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          23m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          23m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          23m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          24m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          24m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          24m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          24m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          24m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          23m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          24m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          23m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          23m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          24m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          24m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          18m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          17m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          23m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          23m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          23m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          23m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          22m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          23m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          23m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          23m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          23m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          23m
=====
14:07:39
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          19m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          25m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          24m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          24m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          25m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          25m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          25m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          25m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          25m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          24m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          25m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          24m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          24m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          25m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          25m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          19m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          18m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          24m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          24m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          24m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          24m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          23m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          24m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          24m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          24m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          24m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          24m
=====
14:08:40
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          20m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          26m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          26m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          26m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          26m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          26m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          26m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          26m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          26m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          25m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          26m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          25m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          25m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          26m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          26m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          20m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          19m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          25m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          25m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          25m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          25m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          25m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          25m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          25m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          25m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          25m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          25m
=====
14:09:42
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          21m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          27m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          27m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          27m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          27m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          27m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          27m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          27m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          27m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          26m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          27m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          26m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          26m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          27m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          27m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          21m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          20m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          26m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          26m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          26m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          26m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          26m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          26m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          26m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          26m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          26m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          26m
=====
14:10:44
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          22m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          28m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          28m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          28m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          28m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          28m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          28m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          28m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          28m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          27m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          28m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          27m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          27m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          28m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          28m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          22m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          21m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          27m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          27m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          27m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          27m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          27m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          27m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          27m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          27m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          27m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          27m
=====
14:11:45
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          23m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          29m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          29m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          29m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          29m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          29m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          29m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          29m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          29m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          28m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          29m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          28m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          28m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          29m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          29m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          23m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          22m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          29m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          28m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          28m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          28m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          28m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          29m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          29m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          29m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          29m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          29m
=====
14:12:47
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          24m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          30m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          30m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          30m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          30m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          30m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          30m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          30m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          30m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          29m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          30m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          29m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          29m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          30m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          30m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          24m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          24m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          30m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          29m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          29m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          29m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          29m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          30m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          30m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          30m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          30m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          30m
=====
14:13:54
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          25m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          31m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          31m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          31m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          31m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          31m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          31m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          31m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          31m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          30m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          31m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          30m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          30m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          31m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          31m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          25m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          25m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          31m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          30m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          30m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          30m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          30m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          31m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          31m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          31m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          31m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          31m
=====
14:14:56
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          26m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          32m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          32m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          32m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          32m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          32m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          32m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          32m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          32m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          31m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          32m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          31m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          31m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          32m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          32m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          26m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          26m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          32m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          31m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          31m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          31m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          31m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          32m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          32m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          32m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          32m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          32m
=====
14:15:58
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          27m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          33m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          33m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          33m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          33m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          33m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          33m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          33m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          33m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          32m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          33m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          32m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          32m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          34m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          33m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          27m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          27m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          33m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          32m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          32m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          32m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          32m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          33m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          33m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          33m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          33m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          33m
=====
14:16:59
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          28m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          34m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          34m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          34m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          34m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          34m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          34m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          34m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          34m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          33m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          34m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          33m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          33m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          35m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          34m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   0/1       Running   0          42s
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          28m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          28m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          34m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          33m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          33m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          33m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          33m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          34m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          34m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          34m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          34m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          34m
=====
14:18:01
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          29m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          35m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          35m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          35m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          35m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          35m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          35m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          35m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          35m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          34m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          35m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          34m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          34m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          36m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          35m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          29m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          29m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          35m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          34m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          34m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          34m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          34m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          35m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          35m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          35m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          35m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          35m
=====
14:19:02
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          30m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          36m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          36m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          36m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          36m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          36m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          36m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          36m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          36m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          35m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          36m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          35m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          35m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          37m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          36m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          30m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          30m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          36m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          36m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          35m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          35m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          35m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          36m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          36m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          36m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          36m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          36m
=====
14:20:04
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          31m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          37m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          37m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          37m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          37m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          37m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          37m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          37m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          37m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          36m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          37m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          36m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          36m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          38m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          37m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          31m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          31m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          37m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          37m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          36m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          36m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          36m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          37m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          37m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          37m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          37m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          37m
=====
14:21:06
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          32m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          38m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          38m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          38m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          38m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          38m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          38m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          38m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          38m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          37m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          38m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          37m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          37m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          39m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          38m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          32m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          32m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          38m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          38m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          37m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          37m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          37m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          38m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          38m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          38m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          38m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          38m
=====
14:22:07
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       0/1       Running   0          50s
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          33m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          39m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          39m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          39m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          39m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          39m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          39m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          39m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          39m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          39m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          39m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          38m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          38m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          40m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          39m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      0/1       Running   0          50s
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   0/1       Running   0          50s
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          33m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          33m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          39m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          39m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          38m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          38m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          38m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          39m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          39m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          39m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          39m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          39m
=====
14:23:09
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          34m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          40m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          40m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          40m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          40m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          40m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          40m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          40m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          40m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          40m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          40m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          40m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          39m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          41m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          40m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          34m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          34m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          40m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          40m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          40m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          39m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          39m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          40m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          40m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          40m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          40m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          40m
=====
14:24:17
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          35m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          41m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          41m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          41m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          41m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          41m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          41m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          41m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          41m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          41m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          41m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          41m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          40m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          42m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          41m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          35m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          35m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          41m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          41m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          41m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          40m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          40m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          41m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          41m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          41m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          41m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          41m
=====
14:25:18
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          36m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          42m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          42m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          42m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          42m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          42m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          42m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          42m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          42m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          42m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          42m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          42m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          41m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          43m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          42m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          36m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          36m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          42m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          42m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          42m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          41m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          41m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          42m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          42m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          42m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          42m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          42m
=====
14:26:20
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          37m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          43m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          43m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          43m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          43m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          43m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          43m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          43m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          43m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          43m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          43m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          43m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          42m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          44m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          43m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          37m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          37m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          43m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          43m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          43m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          42m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          42m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          43m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          43m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          43m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          43m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          43m
=====
14:27:22
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       0/1       Running   0          4s
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          44m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          44m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          44m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          44m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          44m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          44m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          44m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          44m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          44m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          44m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          44m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          43m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          45m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          44m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      0/1       Running   0          4s
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   0/1       Running   0          4s
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   0/1       Running   0          4s
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          38m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          38m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          44m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          44m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          44m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          43m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          43m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          44m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          44m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          44m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          44m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          44m
=====
14:28:23
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          39m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       0/1       Running   0          1m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          45m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          45m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          45m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          45m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          45m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          45m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          45m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          45m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          45m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          45m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          45m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          44m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          46m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          45m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          39m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          39m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          45m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          45m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          45m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          44m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          44m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          45m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          45m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          45m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          45m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          45m
=====
14:29:25
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          2m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          46m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          46m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          46m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          46m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          46m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          46m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          46m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          46m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          46m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          46m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          46m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          45m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          47m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          46m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          41m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          40m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          46m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          46m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          46m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          45m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          45m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          46m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          46m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          46m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          46m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          46m
=====
14:30:27
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          3m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          47m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          47m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          47m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          47m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          47m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          47m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          47m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          47m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          47m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          47m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          47m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          46m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          48m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          47m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          42m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          41m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          47m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          47m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          47m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          46m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          46m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          47m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          47m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          47m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          47m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          47m
=====
14:31:28
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       0/1       Running   0          10s
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       0/1       Running   0          10s
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          4m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          48m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          48m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          48m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          48m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          48m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          48m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          48m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          48m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          48m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          48m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          48m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          47m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          49m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          48m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      0/1       Running   0          10s
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      0/1       Running   0          10s
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          43m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          42m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          48m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          48m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          48m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          47m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          47m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          48m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          48m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          48m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          48m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          48m
=====
14:32:30
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          5m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          49m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          49m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          49m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          50m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          50m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          50m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          50m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          49m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          49m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          49m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          49m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          48m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          50m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          49m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   0/1       Running   0          12s
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   0/1       Running   0          12s
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   0/1       Running   0          12s
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          44m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          43m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          49m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          49m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          49m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          49m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          48m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          49m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          49m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          49m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          49m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          49m
=====
14:33:32
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          6m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          50m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          50m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          50m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          51m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          51m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          51m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          51m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          51m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          50m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          51m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          50m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          50m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          51m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          51m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          45m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          44m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          50m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          50m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          50m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          50m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          49m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          50m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          50m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          50m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          50m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          50m
=====
14:34:39
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          7m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          52m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          52m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          52m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          52m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          52m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          52m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          52m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          52m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          51m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          52m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          51m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          51m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          52m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          52m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          46m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          45m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          51m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          51m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          51m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          51m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          50m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          51m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          51m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          51m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          51m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          51m
=====
14:35:41
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       0/1       Running   0          23s
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       0/1       Running   0          23s
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          8m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          53m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          53m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          53m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          53m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          53m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          53m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          53m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          53m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          52m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          53m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          52m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          52m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          53m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          53m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      0/1       Running   0          23s
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      0/1       Running   0          23s
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          47m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          46m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          52m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          52m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          52m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          52m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          52m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          52m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          52m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          52m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          52m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          52m
=====
14:36:43
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          9m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          54m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          54m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          54m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          54m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          54m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          54m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          54m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          54m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          53m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          54m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          53m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          53m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          54m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          54m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          48m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          47m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          53m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          53m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          53m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          53m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          53m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          53m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          53m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          53m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          53m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          53m
=====
14:37:45
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          10m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          55m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          55m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          55m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          55m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          55m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          55m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          55m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          55m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          54m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          55m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          54m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          54m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          55m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          55m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          49m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          48m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          55m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          54m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          54m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          54m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          54m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          55m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          55m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          55m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          55m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          55m
=====
14:38:46
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          11m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          56m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          56m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          56m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          56m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          56m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          56m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          56m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          56m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          55m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          56m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          55m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          55m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          56m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          56m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          50m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          49m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          56m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          55m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          55m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          55m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          55m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          56m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          56m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          56m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          56m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          56m
=====
14:39:48
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          12m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          57m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          57m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          57m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          57m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          57m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          57m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          57m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          57m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          56m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          57m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          56m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          56m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          57m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          57m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          51m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          51m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          57m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          56m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          56m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          56m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          56m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          57m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          57m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          57m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          57m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          57m
=====
14:40:50
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       0/1       Running   0          31s
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       0/1       Running   0          31s
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          58m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          58m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          58m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          58m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          58m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          58m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          58m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          58m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          57m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          58m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          57m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          57m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          58m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          58m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   0/1       Running   0          33s
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   0/1       Running   0          33s
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          52m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          52m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          58m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          57m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          57m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          57m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          57m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          58m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          58m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          58m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          58m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          58m
=====
14:41:52
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          59m
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          59m
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          59m
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          59m
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          59m
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          59m
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          59m
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          59m
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          58m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          59m
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          58m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          58m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          59m
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          59m
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      0/1       Running   0          33s
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      0/1       Running   0          33s
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          53m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          53m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          59m
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          58m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          58m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          58m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          58m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          59m
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          59m
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          59m
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          59m
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          59m
=====
14:42:54
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          2m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          59m
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          59m
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          59m
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          54m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          54m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          59m
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          59m
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          59m
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          59m
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:43:56
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          3m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          55m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          55m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:45:03
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       0/1       Running   0          44s
data-collector-1680220004-dt3cr       0/1       Running   0          44s
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          4m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          56m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          56m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:46:05
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-dt3cr       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          5m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   0/1       Running   0          48s
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   0/1       Running   0          48s
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          57m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          57m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:47:07
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-dt3cr       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          6m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      0/1       Running   0          48s
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      0/1       Running   0          48s
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          58m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          58m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:48:09
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-dt3cr       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          7m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          59m
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          59m
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:49:11
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-dt3cr       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          8m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      0/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:50:13
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-dt3cr       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          9m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      0/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:51:15
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          10m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      0/1       Running   1          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:52:17
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          11m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:53:19
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          13m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-cpjsl      0/1       Running   0          59s
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-fvwb8      0/1       Running   0          59s
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-pxsjt      0/1       Running   0          59s
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   0/1       Running   0          32s
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   0/1       Running   0          32s
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:54:21
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          14m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-cpjsl      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-fvwb8      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-pxsjt      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:55:29
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-3d6rh       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-crn2t       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          15m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-cpjsl      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-fvwb8      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-pxsjt      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:56:31
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          16m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running       0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running       0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-cpjsl      1/1       Running       0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-fvwb8      1/1       Running       0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running       0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-pxsjt      1/1       Running       0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running       0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running       0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running       0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          1h
=====
14:57:33
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          17m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-cpjsl      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-fvwb8      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-pxsjt      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
14:58:35
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          18m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running       0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running       0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running       0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running       0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running       0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          1h
=====
14:59:37
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          19m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:00:39
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          39m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       0/1       Running   0          18s
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       0/1       Running   0          18s
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       0/1       Running   0          18s
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       0/1       Running   0          18s
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       0/1       Running   0          18s
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          20m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:01:41
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          21m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:02:43
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          22m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:03:45
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          23m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      0/1       Running   0          24s
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   0/1       Running   0          28s
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   0/1       Running   0          28s
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:04:47
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       0/1       Running   0          32s
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       0/1       Running   0          32s
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       0/1       Running   0          32s
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          24m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:05:55
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          25m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:07:02
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          39m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          26m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:08:04
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          27m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      0/1       Running   0          42s
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      0/1       Running   0          42s
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      0/1       Running   0          42s
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      0/1       Running   0          42s
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      0/1       Running   0          42s
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   0/1       Running   0          47s
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   0/1       Running   0          47s
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   0/1       Running   0          47s
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   0/1       Running   0          47s
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:09:06
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-1kbfz       0/1       Running   0          44s
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       0/1       Running   0          44s
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          28m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:10:08
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-1kbfz       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          29m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:11:09
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-1kbfz       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          39m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          39m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          30m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:12:11
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-1kbfz       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          31m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:13:13
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-1kbfz       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          32m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      0/1       Running   0          51s
resource-catalog-707220420-hm6cr      0/1       Running   0          51s
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-kqfqf      0/1       Running   0          51s
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      0/1       Running   0          51s
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:14:15
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-1kbfz       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-2658z       0/1       Running   0          53s
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kd1h       0/1       Running   0          53s
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dfj1p       0/1       Running   0          53s
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          33m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-hm6cr      0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-kqfqf      0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1ndwv   0/1       Running   0          57s
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-bdgcw   0/1       Running   0          57s
resource-discovery-2833222665-f2gqv   0/1       Running   0          57s
resource-discovery-2833222665-g301w   0/1       Running   0          57s
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:15:17
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-1kbfz       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-2658z       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kd1h       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dfj1p       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          35m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-hm6cr      0/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-kqfqf      0/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      0/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1ndwv   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-bdgcw   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-f2gqv   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-g301w   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:16:25
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-1kbfz       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-2658z       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kd1h       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dfj1p       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          36m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      0/1       Running   1          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-hm6cr      0/1       Running   1          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-kqfqf      0/1       Running   1          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      0/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      0/1       Running   1          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1ndwv   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-bdgcw   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-f2gqv   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-g301w   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:17:27
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-1kbfz       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-2658z       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kd1h       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dfj1p       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          37m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      0/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      0/1       Running   1          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-hm6cr      0/1       Running   1          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-kqfqf      0/1       Running   2          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      0/1       Running   1          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   1          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1ndwv   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-bdgcw   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-f2gqv   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-g301w   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:18:29
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-1kbfz       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-2658z       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kd1h       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dfj1p       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          38m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      0/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      1/1       Running   1          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-hm6cr      0/1       Running   1          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-kqfqf      1/1       Running   2          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      1/1       Running   1          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   1          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1ndwv   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-bdgcw   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-f2gqv   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-g301w   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:19:31
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running       0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running       0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running       0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running       0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running       0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running       0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running       0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running       0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running       0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          39m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running       0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-560c4      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running       0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      1/1       Running       1          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-hm6cr      0/1       Running       2          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running       0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-kqfqf      1/1       Running       2          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      1/1       Running       1          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running       0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running       0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running       0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running       1          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running       0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running       0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          1h
=====
15:20:34
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running       0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running       0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running       0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running       0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running       0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running       0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running       0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running       0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running       0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          40m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running       0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running       0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      1/1       Running       1          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running       0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      1/1       Running       1          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running       0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running       0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running       0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running       1          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running       0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running       0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          1h
=====
15:21:36
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          17m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          41m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      1/1       Running   1          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      1/1       Running   1          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:22:38
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          18m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          42m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      1/1       Running   1          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      1/1       Running   1          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:23:40
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          19m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          43m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      1/1       Running   1          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      1/1       Running   1          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:24:42
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-524g0       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-ld34c       1/1       Running   0          16m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-t918h       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          20m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          44m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      1/1       Running   1          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      1/1       Running   1          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-2f2mz   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b19w1   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-h686j   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-l8trj   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:25:44
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running       0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running       0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running       0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running       0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running       0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running       0          21m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          45m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running       0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running       0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running       0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running       0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-gtdvg      1/1       Running       1          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running       0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running       0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running       0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-nq4xf      1/1       Running       1          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running       0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running       0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-rq8c9      1/1       Running       0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-x3dbf      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running       0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running       0          22m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          1h
=====
15:26:51
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running       0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running       0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running       0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running       0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running       0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running       0          22m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          46m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running       0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running       0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running       0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running       0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running       0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running       0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running       0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running       0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running       0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running       0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running       0          23m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          1h
=====
15:27:54
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          23m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          47m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:28:55
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          24m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          48m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:29:57
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-6gs3z       0/1       Running   0          33s
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-gthrm       0/1       Running   0          33s
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          25m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          49m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:30:59
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-6gs3z       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-gthrm       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          26m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          50m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      0/1       Running   0          42s
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      0/1       Running   0          42s
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-41lqr   0/1       Running   0          39s
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-w8z3n   0/1       Running   0          39s
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:32:01
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-6gs3z       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-gthrm       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          31m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          27m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          51m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-41lqr   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-w8z3n   1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:33:03
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-6gs3z       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-gthrm       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          32m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          28m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          52m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-41lqr   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-w8z3n   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:34:05
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-6gs3z       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-gthrm       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          33m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          29m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          53m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      0/1       Running   1          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      0/1       Running   1          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      0/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      0/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-41lqr   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-w8z3n   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:35:06
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-6gs3z       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-gthrm       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-w3ms2       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          34m
data-collector-1680220004-xch26       1/1       Running   0          30m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          54m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      0/1       Running   1          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      0/1       Running   1          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      0/1       Running   1          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      0/1       Running   1          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      0/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-41lqr   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-w8z3n   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:36:09
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          35m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          55m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      0/1       Running   2          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      0/1       Running   1          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      0/1       Running   2          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      0/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-41lqr   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-w8z3n   1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:37:16
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          36m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          56m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      0/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      0/1       Running   2          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      0/1       Running   2          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      0/1       Running   2          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      0/1       Running   1          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      0/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-41lqr   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-w8z3n   1/1       Running   0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:38:18
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running       0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running       0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running       0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running       0          37m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          57m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      0/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running       0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running       0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      0/1       Running       3          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running       0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      0/1       Running       2          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      0/1       Running       2          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running       0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running       0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      0/1       Running       1          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      0/1       Running       3          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running       0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          34m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running       0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running       0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          1h
=====
15:39:20
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          38m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          59m
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      0/1       Running   3          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      0/1       Running   1          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      0/1       Running   3          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      0/1       Running   3          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      0/1       Running   2          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      0/1       Running   3          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:40:22
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          40m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      0/1       Running   3          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      0/1       Running   3          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      0/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:41:24
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       0/1       Running   0          58s
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-19jd6       0/1       Running   0          58s
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-7ldtc       0/1       Running   0          58s
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9gnqb       0/1       Running   0          58s
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-fm4hp       0/1       Running   0          58s
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-wnm70       0/1       Running   0          58s
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          41m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          1h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      0/1       Running   0          36s
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      0/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      0/1       Running   3          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          34m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      0/1       Running   0          36s
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      0/1       Running   0          36s
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-7dsml   0/1       Running   0          6s
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   0/1       Running   0          6s
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-k03kl   0/1       Running   0          6s
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   0/1       Running   0          6s
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   0/1       Running   0          6s
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:42:25
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-19jd6       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-7ldtc       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9gnqb       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-fm4hp       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-wnm70       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          42m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          1h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          1h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          1h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          1h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      0/1       Running   4          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-7dsml   0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          39m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-discovery-2833222665-k03kl   0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   0/1       Running   0          1m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          1h
=====
15:43:27
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-19jd6       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-7ldtc       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9gnqb       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-fm4hp       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-wnm70       1/1       Running   0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          43m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          1h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   4          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-7dsml   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          40m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-k03kl   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:44:30
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-19jd6       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-7ldtc       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9gnqb       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-fm4hp       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-wnm70       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          44m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   4          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-7dsml   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-k03kl   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          3m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:45:31
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-19jd6       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-7ldtc       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9gnqb       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-fm4hp       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-wnm70       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          45m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      0/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running   4          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          38m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-7dsml   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-k03kl   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:46:33
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running       0          6m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running       0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running       0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running       0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running       0          46m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-3vrmt      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running       0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running       4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running       1          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-dztpc      1/1       Running       4          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running       3          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-kj5z3      1/1       Running       0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running       0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          39m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running       2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running       4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qj16p      1/1       Running       0          16m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running       0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-7dsml   1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running       0          43m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-k03kl   1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running       0          5m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          2h
=====
15:47:41
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running       0          7m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running       0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running       0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running       0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running       0          47m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running       0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running       0          17m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running       4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running       1          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running       3          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running       0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          40m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running       2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running       4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running       0          6m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running       0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running       0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   1/1       Running       0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running       0          44m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   1/1       Running       0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running       0          6m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          1h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          2h
=====
15:48:43
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          8m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          48m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          41m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          7m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          1h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:49:45
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          9m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          49m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          42m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          46m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          8m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:50:47
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          10m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9tbqd       0/1       Running   0          21s
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-frgpv       0/1       Running   0          21s
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-nw423       0/1       Running   0          21s
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          50m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lnk0x      0/1       Running   0          30s
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          43m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-vdnrj      0/1       Running   0          30s
resource-catalog-707220420-wgrcf      0/1       Running   0          30s
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          9m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:51:49
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          11m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9tbqd       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-frgpv       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-nw423       1/1       Running   0          1m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          51m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lnk0x      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          44m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-vdnrj      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-wgrcf      1/1       Running   0          1m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          10m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:52:51
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          12m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9tbqd       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-frgpv       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-nw423       1/1       Running   0          2m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          52m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          22m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lnk0x      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          45m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-vdnrj      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-wgrcf      1/1       Running   0          2m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8qdb9   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          49m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-lx31q   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          11m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:53:52
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running       0          13m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running       0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9tbqd       1/1       Running       0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-frgpv       1/1       Running       0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running       0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running       0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-nw423       1/1       Running       0          3m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running       0          53m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running       0          23m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running       4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running       1          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running       3          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running       0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lnk0x      1/1       Running       0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          46m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running       2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running       4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-vdnrj      1/1       Running       0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-wgrcf      1/1       Running       0          3m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running       0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running       0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running       0          50m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running       0          12m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          2h
=====
15:54:54
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          14m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9tbqd       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-frgpv       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-nw423       1/1       Running   0          4m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          54m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          24m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lnk0x      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          47m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-vdnrj      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-wgrcf      1/1       Running   0          4m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          13m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:55:56
data-collector-1680220004-09d50       1/1       Running   0          15m
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9tbqd       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-frgpv       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-nw423       1/1       Running   0          5m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          55m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-0pklr      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          25m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ccp0n      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lnk0x      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          48m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-vdnrj      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-wgrcf      1/1       Running   0          5m
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-catalog-707220420-xk5nm      1/1       Running   0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          14m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:56:58
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running       0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running       0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running       0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running       0          56m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running       1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running       0          26m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running       1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running       1          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running       3          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running       0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          49m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running       2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running       4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running       0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running       0          53m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running       0          15m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          2h
=====
15:58:06
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          57m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          27m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          50m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          16m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
15:59:08
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          58m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          28m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          51m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          18m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0zw5v   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-1flmq   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0q   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-43z0s   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-b3mf6   1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-hcqbk   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rpdfv   1/1       Running   0          17m
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:00:09
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          59m
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          29m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          52m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          19m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:01:11
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          30m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          53m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          20m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:02:13
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-5cbtp       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-mjxt4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-n1lsh       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-x94l1       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-z77nx       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          31m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-dkgh0      1/1       Running   1          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-jg8s8      1/1       Running   3          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          54m
resource-catalog-707220420-pg5l9      1/1       Running   2          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-qd3cr      1/1       Running   4          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          58m
resource-catalog-707220420-xfjsg      1/1       Running   0          21m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:03:15
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          32m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          55m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:04:17
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          33m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          56m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:05:18
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          35m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          57m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-38c2l   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-8vwvq   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-mv03p   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:06:20
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          36m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          59m
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:07:28
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-33wgq       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-dzt97       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-pgd1l       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-32g79      1/1       Running   1          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-4brh7      1/1       Running   0          37m
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-ckdzw      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-d3vm8      1/1       Running   1          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-knm5h      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:08:36
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          2h
=====
16:09:38
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:10:39
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-0hb28   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-34g81   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-r7csl   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-sblzv   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:11:41
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running       0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running       0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          2h
=====
16:12:42
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:13:44
data-collector-1680220004-0xwm5       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-tf07z       1/1       Running   0          1h
data-collector-1680220004-vbzl4       1/1       Running   0          1h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-8327f      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-lsl0g      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-wndrq      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:14:46
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          2h
=====
16:15:47
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:16:49
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-tlz24   1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-vj3xs   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:17:50
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running       0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running       0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running       0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running       0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running       0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running       0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running       0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running       0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running       0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running       0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running       0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running       0          2h
=====
16:18:57
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:19:59
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:21:01
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:22:02
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:23:04
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:24:06
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:25:07
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:26:09
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:27:11
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:28:12
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:29:19
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:30:21
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          1h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:31:23
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:32:24
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:33:26
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:34:28
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:35:29
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:36:31
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:37:32
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:38:34
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:39:41
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:40:43
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:41:44
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          2h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          2h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          2h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          2h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          2h
=====
16:42:46
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          2h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          2h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:43:48
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:44:49
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:45:51
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:46:52
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:47:54
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          2h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          2h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          2h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          2h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:48:56
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:50:04
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:51:05
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:52:07
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:53:08
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:54:10
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:55:11
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:56:13
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:57:15
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:58:17
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
16:59:18
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
17:00:26
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
17:01:27
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
17:02:29
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
17:03:30
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
17:04:32
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
=====
17:05:33
data-collector-1680220004-3wxg8       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-7qmg7       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-9kj2m       1/1       Running   0          3h
data-collector-1680220004-grxpt       1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd0                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd1                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
etcd2                                 1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-fhjkp              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-m236k              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-mhc8v              1/1       Running   0          3h
kong-rc-2717870701-vx5x0              1/1       Running   0          3h
mongo-0                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-1                               2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-0                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-1                         2/2       Running   0          3h
mongo-cache-2                         2/2       Running   0          3h
postgres-tjmj7                        1/1       Running   0          3h
rabbitmq-0                            1/1       Running   0          3h
redis-195996978-5pwfg                 1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-5x1x6      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-bk6rl      1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-catalog-707220420-knw5s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-catalog-707220420-rs72s      1/1       Running   0          2h
resource-discovery-2833222665-gnzwh   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-rgwl9   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-txll8   1/1       Running   0          3h
resource-discovery-2833222665-z2fp4   1/1       Running   0          3h
simulator-1758593501-w3cgt            1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-0                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-1                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-2                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-3                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-keeper-4                       1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-0z19s                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-6n64m                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-proxy-ngbd9                    1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-3nsm8                 1/1       Running   0          3h
stolon-sentinel-thmt5                 1/1       Running   0          3h
